well IIT they don't up evil it's boa
garam so tonight we're to start the week
off with something light-hearted
uplifting almost in case you don't know
I live out in the country today I was
out in the sticks like way out there and
when you get that far out gas stations
are something out of a movie and the one
I pulled into it's gas station
convenience store like normal barbecue
stand out front there's picnic tables
people eating lunch inside they sell
hardware auto parts feed there's a
little diner it's one of those places
now just before sunup at noon and just
before sundown these places are packed
because there's nothing else out there
and if you come up on them at any other
time it looks like something that's
really a plot device at the beginning of
a horror movie
if you ever find yourself in one of
these places when it's busy
I suggest you act like an inmate your
first day in the joint just don't make
eye contact with anybody and try to keep
to yourself not because they're horrible
people but because they're gonna want to
talk to you for like an hour and
inevitably they're gonna say something
that is going to make you just cringe so
standing in line and there's three guys
there drinking their coffee and their
sandwiches I'm assuming they're regulars
and they start talking they're talking
about the Miss Universe competition and
guys like you know that girl from my and
Mar she's real pretty but she won the
mouth of that girls here we go
it's like you know but I guess in her
home country it's illegal
she's like open about it trying to make
it better because I guess the law can
still get you there for that I can't
believe in this day and age there's
still places where people just can't be
themselves what I have to admit that was
not the commentary I was expecting and
his buddy chimes in and he's like you
know I don't care what people do it at
home I just wish they keep it there you
know when he says a guy's name you know
when he starts talking about his
boyfriend creeps me out I get to
picturing it and I don't like it
third guy pipes up and he's like you
know that's not fair he I talk about my
wife all the time don't tell me to keep
it at home I'm assuming you're not
picturing us if you're not picturing us
and you are picturing them you might
want to think on that what you know I'm
just standing there slack-jawed and I
guess my gaze caught their attention
because the guys like their problem
everything okay
I'm like man that was just not what I
was expecting here in here and he's like
oh I get it because I'm wearing a real
tree I got to be a bigot right I'm
pleasantly surprised so I go ahead and
I'm checking out and they've got her
pulled up on their phone and they're
talking about her man she's pretty what
a waste
I almost made it out of there because
there it is what a waste waste what
looked her up when I got home and not
just as she pushed for equal rights she
pushes for better treatment of children
all kinds of stuff doesn't seem like a
wasted life is that one item that one
thing that is so defining and when you
take that way can't object fart it's a
waste
didn't say anything because frankly I'm
counting today as when and at the end of
the day that commentary from those guys
in that location oh that's when that is
a step in the right direction for the
world at large and sometimes we just
gotta take the winds where we can get
them anyway it's just a thought y'all
have a good night